Added mitigation for package version mismatch (#8640)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/integration-services/lesson-6-4-deploying-the-lesson-6-package.md

  
7.  Select **Next**.  
  
8.  On the Select Packages page, you should see all six packages from the SSIS Tutorial. In the **Packages** list, select **Lesson 6.dtsx**, then select **Next**.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > If the above step results in an error that _"One or more selected packages are not ready. Review the Status column for more information."_ with an Status message including _"The version or pipeline version or both for the specified component is higher than the current version. This package was probably created on a new version of DTS or the component than is installed on the current PC."_ Try changing the Project Properties in Visual Studio as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The previous step may result in an error stating that "One or more selected packages are not ready. Review the Status column for more information." with a status message including "The version or pipeline version or both for the specified component is higher than the current version. This package was probably created on a new version of DTS or the component than is installed on the current PC." To resolve this error, change the Project Properties in Visual Studio as follows:
```

> 
> 1.  Right-click the **SSIS Tutorial (package deployment)** project and select **Properties**.
> 

> > 2.  Under **Configuration Properties** select **General**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 2.  Under **Configuration Properties**, select **General**.
```

> 

> > 3.  Set the **Deployment Target Version** to an older version, for example changing from **SQL Server 2022** to **SQL Server 2019**, then select **OK**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 3.  Set the **Deployment Target Version** to an older version. For example, change from **SQL Server 2022** to **SQL Server 2019**, then select **OK**.
```

> 

> > 4.  Retry the above step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 4.  Retry the previous step.
```
